we are withering a way there's this
analogy that
you know you set a peach on a counter a
ripe peach
and it just rots just withers rots
and it's nothing so
maybe in a few years maybe in 20 years
whatever
people aren't going to want to uh be
attracted to me at all
there's people who are attracted to me
obviously otherwise i won't have an only
fans but
and sometimes my looks are going to
completely in our early fate why is my
hair not messed up i look like a goddamn
dad
but no it looks fade in time and i feel
like everybody's just wasting away
hiding their body parts when they're
adults who could
not only like profit off that
significantly profit but also it's art
it's beautiful
i shove dildos at my butt i i suck on
dildos and stuff like that and
on onision onlyfans.comfans.com stuff
like that
i uh just show off the dong jerk it do
all kinds of stuff um yeah so i made a
socially unacceptable video and towards
the end of it
um i had the bright idea to
decide that hey i'm gonna make it go
fund me
since this is socially unacceptable to
do what i thought i was gonna do
and so i made a gofundme and i said hey
if i make 1 500
you know enough to buy a decent gaming
setup stream
i'll start and only fans at all stream
games naked
i said you know what i can do i don't
care if it's social and acceptable i'll
shave my head
i'll stream games naked if i want you
know it was kind of like something like
that
and then i was like you know what i'll
actually do it and then like i said
i said i'll start a gofundme and if if i
manage to reach that goal then i will
legit going only fans and i'll stream
naked i said i don't care i'll do it
um mind you in my head
i thought there was absolutely no way in
hell i would even remotely come close
to 1 500 on donations last time i
checked i was at 2098
donated i had went to the bathroom this
might be a little bit tmi but i was
going to the restaurant i was in the
bathroom and good thing too
because as i'm like going to the
bathroom i'd look at my phone you know
because you scroll through your phone
and do stuff
and i saw a notification from gofundme
there's like an email and it said
congratulations you've reached your
fundraising goal
and so i and i look in that like
what and yet we have a culture that acts
like oh if you take off your clothes
you're a lesser human and that's absurd
youtube is toxic uh the community is all
about canceling people
and we're shaming each other for being
part of only fans
why why are we doing that
our bodies are nothing to be ashamed of
if we're adults if you're not an adult
yes be ashamed of yourself i don't care
it's not my [ __ ] business stay away
from me but if you're an adult there's
nothing to be ashamed of if you're like
a 25 year old woman
and you show off your tits do it
it's great if you're a 25 year old woman
it's legal to show off your tits
[ __ ] do it so why are we pretending
like that is something that
we can't make money off why are you
pretending like that's something that
is shameful like i look at strippers and
[ __ ] as [ __ ] geniuses
hot geniuses strippers are hot
geniuses okay they got these rockin
bodies right and they know they can make
money off it
while it lasts it's free [ __ ] gift
for them i mean of course they got to
eat well but
pretty much free and they can make
shitloads of money on it or they could
be miserable at a [ __ ] nine to five
like the last time i checked it was like
500 so i was like i was like what does
that mean like that's
no like i haven't what and so
i my heart kind of stopped for a bit and
then i clicked the notification
and someone
had i was at about 500 and i
the goals for 1500
i won't list their name because i don't
know if they want to be mentioned or not
i haven't asked them
but somebody down or donated
over a thousand dollars to my gofundme
and it put me over 1500
and i looked and i was like jesus effing
christ
i mean my jaw dropped i was like
like wha i sat there for like five
minutes looking at that
and i was like what
i was like oh my god somebody
donated a thousand dollars and then it
hit me
not only that but oh my god my goal has
been reached i know i have to do
my stream i just and not that i'm being
self-depreciating in any way
but i mean pardon me really just wonders
like like why are you guys
like watching me so much so uh long
story short the reason i started in only
fans is because i'm not full of [ __ ]
i'm not a hypocrite i mean i am a
hypocrite
and i am partially i like have my own
delusions i'm only 34.
i have a lot to learn in life i'm
probably a super idiot you know like
most everyone is
but on this issue i think i've a little
bit more woke
the use of this word woke
is politically interesting
the difference between equality and
inequality
is not the difference between being
awake
and being asleep and i'm not just
talking about
gender equality as opposed to gender
inequality
we're now getting into talking about the
question of to what extent
is someone who's done nude modeling
equal to someone who has refused to do
nude modeling really in effect
in practice is it possible for a
prostitute
to have equal rights if you think you're
woke
ask yourself if you would be willing to
hire
this woman as your lawyer or
even if you would be willing to hire her
as your lawyer
if you'd regard her equally
or if you'd regard her as being at a
disadvantage
compared to other candidates this woman
while she was still in law school 22
years old
filmed three pornographic films
she was told that the films would not be
put on the internet
that they would be uh shared only with a
multi-millionaire
private collector but nevertheless she
was consciously
and intentionally engaging in
prostitution
repeatedly and prostitution on camera
for a client she was having sex with men
for money and recording it she just
believed the lie
that nobody else except this small
number of men
would ever see her performance maybe you
wouldn't form
your judgment of her intelligence or her
moral character
or her reliability on the basis of the
fact that she has that
background or history i know what it's
like
to have a stupid lawyer i know how
terrifying it is
to have a lawyer who won't answer your
questions
or a lawyer who can't answer your
i know how awful it is to have to live
the rest of your life
wondering how would things be different
today
if i had just managed to get a better
lawyer
back when it really mattered
it's a hard decision it's a hard
decision to trust someone
to be your lawyer when it's your life
that's on the line those are the
decisions we make
about equality and inequality
it's not the difference between being
asleep
and being woke